Available

Our github repository: https://github.com/covid-guardian/covid-guardian/
DOI: https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/323030673

We are applying for the Available badge. The artifacts project fully implemented and has been used in our paper, "An Empirical Assessment of
Global COVID-19 Contact Tracing Applications", with features including static vulnerability analysis, private information leakage analysis, and
virus checking.

This project is the first automated security and privacy assessment tool that tests contact tracing apps for security
weaknesses, malware, embedded trackers and private information leakage. COVIDGuardian outperforms 4
state-of-the-practice industrial and open-source tools. Note that, Although the tool is tailored to focus on contact tracing apps, it can also be adapted to other types of apps with respect to the NLP PII learning context, e.g., by changing the source & sink list or updating the sensitive PII keywords.

With COVIDGuardian, we have assessed the security and privacy status of 40 worldwide Android contact tracing apps. COVIDGuardian discovered that more than 50% of
the apps pose potential security risks due to: (1) employing cryptographic algorithms that are insecure or not part of
best practice; and (2)storing sensitive information in clear text that could be potentially read by
attackers. Over 40% of apps pose security risks through Manifest weaknesses, e.g., allowing permissions for
backup (hence, the copying of potentially unencrypted application data). Further, COVIDGuardian identify that approximately 75%
of the apps contain at least one tracker, potentially causing privacy violations, i.e., leaks that lead to exposing PII
to third parties.

We provide two running modes: the CLI mode and the Web mode. CLI mode offers a batch analysis that allows users to analyze a set of apps
concurrently by giving the directory path. Web mode provides a more user-friendly web page to upload apps and display results
on it. Both of two modes are fully featured.

The source codes are fully documented. All classes and functions are written with clean code guidance. We also left
detailed comments on most of functions to help developers understand the logic.

Therefore, we believe our project deserves a Available badge.
